Firebase
Strengthen your ability to apply your knowledge of Firebase
Overview
Overview: Create a simple Ul for your Movie Database which requires the user
to authenticate before allowing them to perform full CRUD operations (Create,
Read, Update and Delete).
For the database component you will be using Firebase Firestore and for the
authentication component you will be using Firebase Authentication.
Your Ul should include these screens: A Movie List Screen and an Add/Edit
Screen, a Register Screen and a Login Screen.
You may reuse some of the Ul elements from previous assignments for this
assignment.
Your app must be written in either Java 
You can work in a group of three from your section.

Instructions:
Part 1 Movie Search/Favorite List Screen (25 Marks):
1. Mandatory: Ensure your Movie Favorite List Screen's logic (Activity)
connects and works with Firebase Firestore (5 Marks).
2. Display your 20 Favorite Movies in a Table or similar Element (e.g.,
RecyclerView). Each Row in your list should include the Movie Title, Studio, a
Thumbnail of the Movie Poster and the Critics Rating (5 Marks).
3. Each Row in your List should use a Custom View (5 Marks).
4. Include a Ul Element or interaction that allows the User to Add a new movie
to the Movie List by navigating to the Add/Edit Screen. When Navigation
completes, ensure the Add/Edit screen modifies the Title and the main
button to with an appropriate message (e.g., either Add or Edit) (2.5 Marks).
5. Include a Ul Element or interaction that allows the User to Edit an existing
movie in the Movie List by navigating to the Add/Edit Screen (2.5 Marks).
6. Include a Ul Element or interaction that allows the User to Delete an existing
movie in the Movie List (5 Marks).
Part 2 Add / Edit Screen (15 Marks):
1. Mandatory: Ensure your Add / Edit Screen's logic (Activity) connects and
works with Firebase Fir sestore (5 Marks).
2. Your Add / Edit Screen should include Ul Elements (Text Fields) that allow
the user to both view, edit or add a Movie (5 Marks).
3. Your Add / Edit Screen should include a Ul Element that allows the user to
submit their changes (2.5 Marks).
4. Your Add / Edit Screen should include a Ul Element that allows the user to
cancel any changes and navigate back to the Movie List Screen (2.5 Marks).
Part 3 Register Screen (15 Marks):
1. Mandatory: Ensure your Register Screen's logic (Activity) connects and
works with Firebase Authentication (5 Marks).
2. Your Registration Screen should include Ul Elements (Text Fields) that allow
the user to register as a new user (5 Marks).
3. Your Registration Screen should include a Ul Element that navigate the user
back to the Login Screen when the user has completed registration (2.5
Marks)
4. Your Add / Edit Screen should include a Ul Element that allows the user to
cancel registration and navigate back to the Login Screen (2.5 Marks).
Part 4 Login Screen (15 Marks):
1. Mandatory: Ensure your Login Screen's logic (Activity) connects and works
with Firebase Authentication (5 Marks).
2. Your Registration Screen should include Ul Elements (Text Fields) that allow
the user to login as a returning user (5 Marks).
3. Your Login Screen should include a Ul Element that allows the user to Login
(2.5 Marks)
4. If the Login attempt is unsuccessful, an alert (or other Ul Elements) should
be displayed that informs the user that their Login attempt has failed. (2.5
Marks).
Part 5 Your App is Aesthetically Pleasing (10 Marks):
1. You've designed your App with good Aesthetic standards including
appropriate margins, padding, colors, contrast and overall layout while
always keeping the user in mind (10 Marks).
Part 6 Code Quality: (10 Marks)
1. Ensure your app includes the following components (10 Marks).
a. Clean Build
b. MVVM Architecture.
c. LiveData.
d. ViewBinding.
e. Firebase.